>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>ANNOUNCER: And now, the host
of the nationally syndicated
Coast-to-Coast AM and Gaiam
TV bring you Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, well.
Welcome to Beyond Belief.
How many of you have looked up
into the heavens and wondered,
just wondered, are we
alone in the universe?
Well, our guest on Beyond Belief
tonight devotes her entire life
to trying to answer
that question.
She's an Italo-American
journalist.
Please welcome Paola Harris.
Hey, Paola!
How are you?
>>PAOLA HARRIS: I'm well.
>>NOORY: I would have
thought you would've
flown in on a
craft of some type.
>>HARRIS: I wish.
>>NOORY: Have a seat.
How are you?
>>HARRIS: I'm doing really well.
>>NOORY: Are you still traveling
between Italy and the United
States, going back and forth?
>>HARRIS: Italy, Spain,
Switzerland-- just all over.
In order to do this-- and
I'm a in-field researcher,
which means I've got
to go to the place.
I can't just do it on internet.
There's no internet
research with me.
I have to go there.
I have to speak to the people.
Sometimes I go to the same
place two and three times,
because I don't know if I
really believe the story.
And George, you know
that these stories
are outrageous, some of them.
>>NOORY: Some of them are.
>>HARRIS: So one
of the questions
is, how do you
know this is real,
and how do you know these
people are telling the truth?
So sometimes it takes a long,
long time to figure it out.
And I don't only want to do
research in the United States.
I do want to travel,
because believe it or not,
UFOs are an
interplanetary phenomenon.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: It's not an
American phenomenon.
>>NOORY: It's everywhere.
And when you look at
someone in the eyes, Paola,
can you generally tell if
they're telling you the truth
or not?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, especially
if I go back there,
I did a story out of Italy
with Maurizio Cavalla who's
a contactee who gave me
Polaroid photos of aliens.
>>NOORY: Polaroids.
>>HARRIS: Polaroids.
>>NOORY: Very difficult
to doctor a Polaroid.
>>HARRIS: Absolutely.
And this happened in 1975
that he had his contact,
so there's no Photoshop
and stuff like that.
Everybody credits Photoshop.
And he didn't show me
those until the second time
I went to his house,
because he only
wanted to speak to me, which
was really interesting.
And I looked at these
Polaroids and these faces,
and I think I released
some on your radio show.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: And I said,
are you telling me
you really did go aboard?
You really did take these photos
in the '70s, and this is real?
Because, you know, it's
hard for me to digest.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
>>HARRIS: Isn't it hard for you?
>>NOORY: It's easy
for us to assume
we're not alone in the universe.
Then it gets a little more
difficult when you have to say,
well, they have
visited us, or maybe
they've genetically altered us.
But then when you
talk to people who
say that they've been
abducted, they're contactees,
they've been on flying
saucers, they've been on craft.
Then you begin to say,
well-- But there's
still an air of
probability there,
and you can't rule it out.
>>HARRIS: And I wouldn't
be doing my job if I just
completely called him
crazy and walked off.
So I went there three times.
Then, I called my friend Heimi
Malsan from Mexico, and I said,
get over here, because I don't
know if I can do this story.
You need to come here
and meet this man.
He came.
This is the story my life.
I met him in Milano.
We went on a train
with all the equipment.
We went there.
He did the story
with me, and he said,
you know, Paola,
there's something here.
And I said, well, thank
God you came, because--
>>NOORY: Could feel it.
>>HARRIS: Because
doing this alone--
>>NOORY: You needed that
cooperation, didn't you?
>>HARRIS: I need
that cooperation.
It's a lot better
if I interview--
like Bill Kirkland,
who worked at NASA
and is a scientist who talked
about the Holloman landing
and his being there.
Military people are easy for me.
Contact is really,
really difficult,
because with the military and
the astronauts and the pilots,
you have credentials.
>>NOORY: And astronauts.
>>HARRIS: And astronauts.
And you know Edgar Mitchell
as well-- oh my God!
>>NOORY: Edgar Mitchell,
Apollo 14, walked on the moon,
is a staunch believer
that we've been visited.
Now, he did tell me, he
said George, honestly,
when I went to the moon,
I never saw anything.
But he has said that people in
higher-up areas of government
have told him, Edgar,
these are real.
You have to believe that.
>>HARRIS: Also some
of his colleagues.
And he won't mention
some of the names,
because there's
no way we can have
all these visits in
outer space and there's
nothing following
our space shuttle.
That's crazy.
Whatever is out there is very
interested in the human race.
>>NOORY: What drives you, Paola?
For years you've
been doing this.
>>HARRIS: You keep asking me.
>>NOORY: Minimal pay.
You've been all over the map.
You do a lot of this out
of your own pocketbook.
Why?
>>HARRIS: Well, to
correct some people,
there is no money in this--
not even in the books.
I do it from my own
pocketbook, because--
intellectual curiosity.
I just want to know.
In my lifetime, before I
pass on, I want to know.
>>NOORY: So you're trying to
get your answers for yourself,
first and foremost.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, but
because I've had
so many incredible military
witnesses who have begged me--
like Milton Torres, who
cried when I interviewed him.
He was asked to shoot
down a UFO over England.
Do you remember him?
>>NOORY: I remember.
God rest his soul.
>>HARRIS: He basically
couldn't tell his father,
because the British files
weren't released yet.
This poor guy is
keeping this secret,
which is very heavy on him.
And then the British
files come out,
and he's able to go
to the X Conference
and testify in front of
the Washington Press Club.
I have an obligation
to people like that.
When he started to cry about it
because his father had died--
he couldn't tell his father,
so his father never knew.
I said, look Milton,
the only thing
I can do is just keep
your story alive.
I will try and tell the world.
That is an obligation.
It's heavy.
It's very heavy.
>>NOORY: And what happened
to that case, when
he was ordered to
fire onto this UFO?
>>HARRIS: Well,
he said he saw it.
It was a huge UFO.
He said he locked onto it.
He said that he was
so shocked that he
was ordered to
fire at this thing
that he asked for
the codes again.
He asked for the
codes again, and then
when he was given
the codes to do it,
the thing dematerialized.
>>NOORY: Poof, it was gone.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, gone.
And then when he
landed, he was told
not to talk about it ever-- not
even to his commanding officer.
So what you've got going
here is heavy secrecy.
You know we're not alone,
because you saw them.
And guess what?
We're ordered to
shoot them down.
>>NOORY: Which is stupid.
>>HARRIS: It's so stupid.
>>NOORY: If they've got the
kind of technology to get here,
I wouldn't upset them too much.
I wouldn't show them
much aggression.
Here's a question.
Are they showing
aggression to us?
Is that why we're trying
to shoot them down?
>>HARRIS: I don't think so.
From my 30 years
of research-- and I
talked about the appearances
on the Bikini Atoll
in the Pacific, when the French
were doing the hydrogen bomb
testing-- 800 tests-- 800 tests!
>>NOORY: Right.
800.
>>HARRIS: And they
killed all the coral.
Three feet of dead
fish on the runway.
And by the way, I'll tell you
a little story about that.
When I interviewed Guy
Andronique that was there
on the island of
Fangataufa-- I had him
in my apartment in Rome, because
I lived in Rome for 15 years,
did a lot of work there.
It's easier to work out of Rome.
But anyway, I had
him sitting there.
I got his testimony.
We went for pizza.
When I came back, my
apartment was robbed.
The film was taken.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>HARRIS: And they took
not only the film footage.
They took jewelry.
And I'm on the seventh
floor in Rome, remember.
I'm the seventh floor.
And they took all my cameras.
They took my computers.
It was quite dangerous,
and the courage
of Guy Andronique--
it's in my first book,
Connecting the Dots-- to
talk about the flyover--
this goes back to your
original question--
the flyover, twice, of UFOS.
So three UFOs see this insanity.
They're flying over the
island in the Pacific.
They don't do anything.
Can you imagine?
They're watching
all this dead fish,
coral and everything and Guy
says they jump on an airplane
and follow them, which is
the craziest thing I've ever
heard of.
And he said the instruments
on the airplane froze,
but as they went over the
horizon, they came back.
They came back, thank God.
Otherwise, Guy and
everybody onboard
the plane would have died.
So do I interpret
it as aggression?
No.
>>NOORY: And you're
sure of that?
>>HARRIS: Well, I think
they could be aggressive
if we shot first, or
if we had a space war.
>>NOORY: Right,
because there have
been cases of
missing craft, right?
>>HARRIS: Right.
>>NOORY: Our craft-- gone!
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Or wasn't there
some radio transmissions
of a pilot once?
He was in his Cessna, reporting,
I'm seeing this large object.
It's coming up to me.
It's close-- gone.
Nobody ever heard
from him again.
They can't find his plane.
He's gone.
I think it swallowed him up.
>>HARRIS: It probably did,
but if you remember Close
Encounters--
>>NOORY: Yeah, they
brought them back.
>>HARRIS: Do you remember that?
They brought them back.
So where does Hynek
and Vallee who
were the consultants with
Spielberg-- and by the way,
we need to speak about
Spielberg eventually--
where do they get off portraying
that these pilots are coming
off and just, oh yeah, checking
them off one after another.
I'm looking at this going,
what do you have in your files
with appearances--
>>NOORY: How do you know this?
>>HARRIS: How do you know
this with appearances
not only of pilots,
but of artifacts?
They found that boat in
the middle of the desert.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Exactly, or all
those planes that
were brought back that had
disappeared-- those Avengers.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
People say, how did
you ever get into this?
Why would you ever do this?
Even my own family
goes, why don't you
go to work for UNICEF?
So I go, UNICEF
is not like this.
>>NOORY: It's exciting
to do UFOs, right?
>>HARRIS: Well, it kind of
touched a spot in my heart
when I saw Close Encounters
of the Third Kind.
>>NOORY: It was a great movie.
That was in the '70s.
And I remember that explicitly.
I remember old J.
Allen Hynek, who
used to work for Project
Blue Book, as you know.
Then, he became his own
consultant and a believer.
He'd walk out with the
pipe, and that was all
based on his book, Close
Encounters of the Third Kind.
>>HARRIS: Well, tell me,
how did you react to it?
>>NOORY: To the movie?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Oh, I loved it.
I have always been interested
in UFOs, since I was a kid.
My mother brought be home a
book that Walter Sullivan, who
used to write for the New
York Times-- it was called We
Are Not Alone.
And I'm reading that
at the ripe age of 13,
14 years old, going, my
gosh, this is unbelievable.
And then Look magazine
came out with the story
of "The Interrupted Journey
of Barney and Betty Hill,"
the abduction case
from New Hampshire.
So at a very young age,
that's what I wanted to do.
I joined as a teenager NICAP,
the National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena.
I was a boy wonder.
I was into UFOs.
I read every book that was
ever written during that time
by Frank Edwards, the old
journalist, and people
like that.
And I said to myself, I
want to go into this field.
I want to uncover this aspect.
And news directors would
tell me, George, you
can't cover that story.
Nobody cares about UFOs,
and I went, no, there's
a big market for UFOs.
Stanton Friedman was
one of my first guests.
So I'm obsessed
with this, Paola,
so when I have an opportunity
to talk to people like you who
are true investigators,
I mean, it's just
like a kid in a
candy store for me.
Let's take some questions
for Paola Harris.
She investigates
UFOs and the search
for extraterrestrial life.
Who's got a question for us?
>>AUDIENCE: Of all the
places that you've gone to
to research UFOs
and stuff, what is
the most interesting case
you've ever investigated?
>>NOORY: And you've
investigated many, Paola,
but which one stands out
for you as one of the best?
>>HARRIS: First of all, thank
you for asking that question,
and I'm so glad you're young.
I'm looking for young
people to work on this.
We old people-- or I,
I'll speak for myself--
need to have more younger
participants in investigations.
But New Mexico-- Roswell.
>>NOORY: Ah, yes.
1947.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, in 1947.
And there was a case
before 1947 that I
covered with George on Radio
Two called San Antonio Crash, 30
miles away from the
Trinity site where
the atomic bomb was exploded.
And that happened
in August of 1945,
and so I found out from
looking at Corona, Aztec, all
these other--
>>NOORY: areas.
>>HARRIS: Areas, that that
area around New Mexico--
and Roswell's three
hours from San Antonio,
near the Trinity site.
Somebody was interested in us.
Somebody, starting in 1945 when
that bomb was exploded to 1947,
was interested in what
we were doing there
because to have that many
crashes-- and by the way,
people say, well, how
come they crash if they've
got this incredible technology?
>>NOORY: Which is
a good question.
>>HARRIS: It is.
It is a good question.
But we had very
high-powered radar,
which I hear was even portable,
and evidently this radar
acted like a weapon.
It interfered with the
navigation systems.
>>NOORY: Screwed
up their guidance.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And then when whoever in the
military that were down there
saw this happening-- and I'll
talk about Colonel Philip
Corso, what he told me.
He told me that when he was the
head of the missile battalion
there, he was actually
told to shut down
his radar during certain
times of the day, which
means that this interfered.
And so these crashes
or these anomalies
happened with these beings.
But what was interesting
the most for me
was that who was there at the
time was Robert Oppenheimer.
>>NOORY: Father of
the atomic bomb.
>>HARRIS: Right?
Killer of worlds.
Yeah, even
Oppenheimer said that.
And Oppenheimer and Einstein
wrote a letter in June 1947--
it's in the MJ12 documents--
to President Truman,
and the letter is
entitled "Relationships
with Celestrial Bodies."
It's got the word celestrial.
So what they're staying
in that letter is,
hey, we opened a Pandora's box.
What happened here was
that we exploded a bomb,
and guess what happened?
We got visitors.
So they asked Truman what
international structure could
handle visitations from
other galaxies and so forth.
And they said, well,
United Nations can't do it,
so we need to create a
supra-United Nations,
a group of people that are going
to handle this contact should
it ever--
>>NOORY: In secrecy.
>>HARRIS: They
did it in secrecy,
but I think that Oppenheimer
and Einstein wanted
to handle it formally later on,
because they were fascinated
with what was inside.
Thank God for that, because
most of the military
is only interested
in the technology.
>>NOORY: Let's have
another question
or two for Paola Harris.
Yes, ma'am?
>>AUDIENCE: So you've
traveled the world.
Where do the most
sightings occur,
and what are your thoughts
with regard to Area 51?
>>HARRIS: Those are
two big questions.
First of all, just knowing that
it's probably more accepted,
most sightings are in
Mexico-- South America.
And I have a
colleague, Heimi Maosan
who is amazing, because
people just give him videos.
And if you go on
his site, you'll
see all the videos--
but up close
and personal videos,
not lights in the sky.
I mean, craft during
the day videos.
>>NOORY: You can see structure.
>>HARRIS: Oh, yeah,
and then the flotilla--
those orbs that are
like, 200 and 300 orbs,
and they're not balloons, going
across the skies of Mexico.
And not only Mexico, but Peru,
Argentina, Venezuela, Chile.
For some reason,
if you go there,
the people consider it normal.
It's normal.
Nobody laughs.
They see a sighting.
They'll call it in,
and it's normal.
What's difficult about
the United States--
and I'll be honest
with you, because I'm
an international
journalist-- is it
is extremely
commercialized here.
So what you see is
people wearing t-shirts
with a Gray stamped on it.
And when you see gadgets
and t-shirts and that kind
of thing-- which we
don't do in Europe.
You have a conference
there, nobody
sells anything except books.
>>NOORY: Books, right.
>>HARRIS: Books.
>>NOORY: Or DVDs.
>>HARRIS: Or DVDs, right.
People are afraid to say
that they believe because
of the commercialization
around the subject here,
and it's too bad.
I feel really bad,
because this is serious.
I think it's serious, isn't it?
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah, it really is.
>>HARRIS: And as far as
Area 51-- good grief.
>>NOORY: Something's
going on there.
We've interviewed, we've
talked with a number
of people-- the Bob Lazars.
There's something
very strange going on.
In addition to it, of course,
being a secret military
base in terms of
high-performance technology.
I think drones were developed
there and things like that.
There's something
else going on there.
And it's underground,
most of it, isn't it?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, it's
many levels underground.
It's a test facility.
>>NOORY: What are
they doing down there?
>>HARRIS: Well, whatever
they're doing down there
comes up there,
because it causes
a problem for UFO
investigators, because we
don't know if it's our
stuff or their stuff.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
It's gotten to that point now.
>>HARRIS: Oh, yeah.
If it's our stuff, we're
thinking it's a UFO,
and it's our stuff.
So it really throws a monkey
wrench into the whole thing.
And I have interviewed Ed
Fouche, who worked there.
S-4 is the area in Area 51
where a lot of this goes on.
It's an area of Area 51.
And he worked on the TR3B,
the Aurora, and so forth.
He spoke for a very short
time, wrote a book called
Alien Rapture.
He spoke for a very short
time, and then he clammed up.
A lot of these people that
do talk about Area 51,
like Bob Lazar, go
underground, because--
>>NOORY: Well, they have to.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, it's dangerous.
>>NOORY: They have to.
Let's take one more
question for Paola Harris.
Who's got one?
Yes, sir.
>>AUDIENCE: Have you
investigated crop circles,
and if so, what message do you
think they're trying to tell us
through the use of
sacred geometry?
>>NOORY: That's
a great question.
Crop circles, crop
formations, of course,
is the expertise of our dear
friend Linda Moulton Howe,
and she does a great
job doing that.
You've got to marvel.
You've got to say, what is this?
How are they created?
Yes, yes, most of them
are probably made by man.
But even if there's one that is
made in a very supernatural way
or unusual way, it's got to
make you say, what is this?
I have thought, Paola,
that the possibilities were
extraterrestrial-- sending
some kind of a message
through geometry, the planet
is alive, just like we are,
and it's communicating with us,
trying to tell us something,
or also, it's extraterrestrials
doing it through a vortex
system, like a little wind, just
whoosh, like and etch-a-sketch.
What do you think they are?
>>HARRIS: Well, you gave a
really good answer to that.
And I don't do crop circles,
so I'll be really honest.
I don't do certain
areas of ufology,
and I can't pronounce myself.
But I'll tell you my experience.
Years ago, when
I lived in Italy,
I talked to Michael Glickman,
who analyzes sacred geometry.
In the olden days, about
10 years ago, most of them
were not the human-made ones.
And they were intricate, and
they were impossible to make.
And I think those are
messages of some kind.
But since Colin Andrews is
my good friend-- and I do
ask people.
I think in my research, I
have a lot of colleagues
that I consult on
this-- and you know
what Colin told me, which
is really interesting?
He said, look, a great deal
of them are made by artists,
but they begin the formation,
and then they let it go.
The next morning, it's
completed by itself.
>>NOORY: Somebody finished it.
>>HARRIS: I know!
Well, if somebody finishes it,
who is it that finished it,
and how did those artists get
the idea in the first place?
So when he told
me that, he said,
well, it's OK that it's
being created by them,
because they're getting a
download from somewhere.
So I said, OK.
It's all paranormal, and maybe
we don't know the reason why.
And you gave some
really good explanations
about the living earth.
I love that idea.
Also, the fact that
there's water underneath.
>>NOORY: Something going on.
>>HARRIS: Water creates this.
>>NOORY: How'd you like to be
an artist and start a painting,
and in the morning,
it's finished.
>>HARRIS: It's finished.
>>NOORY: You've got a
Picasso waiting for you.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, it's amazing.
I want to encourage people to
look at all research, and not
just internet research,
because I think
somebody like Colin Andrews,
who's got a new book also
coming out-- these people
are real researchers.
They've been out in the field.
>>NOORY: And they devote
their lives to this stuff.
>>HARRIS: They
devote their lives.
And I'm a great networker
for these people,
because-- like Linda Howe, who's
totally amazing-- if we didn't
have Linda-- first of all,
she's a woman, so I go,
oh, thank God.
There's women in the field.
>>NOORY: That's right.
There's not a lot.
>>HARRIS: There's not a lot.
So we need to really
recognize them.
>>NOORY: You had mentioned
earlier Steven Spielberg.
Great director.
Love his films, from Jaws on.
Close Encounters of
the Third Kind and ET,
the Extraterrestrial
were interesting movies.
There were messages behind
a lot of the things we saw.
Do you think he was
given and is still
being given inside
information, and then he
just kind of injects
it into the films?
Some people would
say, this is being
done to kind of educate
us, to kind of prepare us,
to get us ready for some
kind of major announcement.
The guy's got to be one of the
most creative people out there,
which he is, but
I think somebody's
telling him something.
>>HARRIS: I teach
a course called
"Hollywood and Disclosure,"
and I have a clip that I show,
Steven Spielberg
when he's speaking
to the kids at the
Actor's Studio.
And he's not going
to lie to kids.
He's not going to lie.
And one girl says, can you give
us the importance of listening?
Plus, do you believe in aliens?
She shoves it in there.
And he gives this real
beautiful explanation
of listening, which is
what Alan Hynek taught me.
I worked with him for six years.
He said, Paola,
even though you're
making a judgment when
you're hearing testimony,
do not interrupt.
Let them talk.
Listen.
Then at the end, he goes,
I do believe in aliens.
So I said, oh my
God, he's telling
the kids he believes in aliens.
And THEN I think, what does
he have to do with children?
So here we've got ET, which
is filled with children.
We've got Artificial
Intelligence which
he did with Kubrick,
and we have--
>>NOORY: Another great movie.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
He has a kid named
David, just like 2001.
And then you want
to go to the Bible
and see the importance of David.
But then Close
Encounters, Barry,
the little boy that looks
up and says, ice cream.
When he sees it-- goes
right to the ship.
They take him.
He goes by.
This is an interpretation that
this director has of contact.
>>NOORY: And it seems
to be pretty accurate.
>>HARRIS: It could be, yeah.
I looked at the
end, because that's
what moved me, the end,
when Francois Truffaut does
the hand signals to the beings.
The craft opens, and
there's a mantis-like thing.
Then all at once, you
see these little children
that look exactly
like Barry coming out,
these little beings.
I'm going, what's going
on in Spielberg's mind?
Does contact have
to be childlike?
Do you have to suspend judgment?
Do you have to be like a child?
Do you have to be like Barry
and say, wow, those colors.
>>NOORY: Bye!
>>HARRIS: Bye!
I'm thinking, OK, that's his
interpretation initially,
but then Spielberg
went-- and then
Missing, when he did the
miniseries-- there's a child.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>HARRIS: There's a
child that's psychic.
>>NOORY: And didn't
he also do Taken?
>>HARRIS: Oh, Taken.
Taken, not missing.
Taken is with the little
child that's psychic.
So the little child gets these
psychic powers from contact.
And I'm so glad you're including
the paranormal and everything.
I've got to open
up to all of it,
because it's all in there--
the paranormal, the psychic,
the remote viewing, all of that.
And what happens is that
I think that Spielberg
is saying that children are
the ones-- that maybe it's
a new generation
that are maybe going
to be the most important here.
>>NOORY: Let's talk a
little bit about what's
going on at the Vatican, Paola.
You're from Italy.
You've been there.
You've been to the Vatican.
They have talked about
extraterrestrial life.
Tell us a little bit about that.
>>HARRIS: Well, I just happen
to live about three blocks
from St. Peter's, so that
was my walk on the way
to buy groceries.
Up the street lived
Monsignor Balducci,
and he was a
spokesperson for ET life
that is not connected with
the devil, because Monsignor--
>>NOORY: He was a demonologist.
>>HARRIS: He was a demonologist.
He wrote a book, and
people have asked me--
the book is only in
Italian, called Il Diavolo.
And so he came forth very
courageously and said,
the devil doesn't need
UFOs, but let's look
at if God, in order to
have a beautiful creation,
created more than
one type of being.
Because there's like,
50 million butterflies
and different species that
are created, various species.
Why would he create one type
of human, when in nature we
have a reproduction
of different species?
>>NOORY: Look at the
species on this planet.
Countless, hundreds of
thousands, if not millions.
And they're all similar,
but they're all different.
>>HARRIS: That's the
argument he used, George,
and I think that's
a good argument.
And so I spoke with
him all over Europe.
I used to go there for
dinner at his house--
and miss him tremendously,
because we lost him,
as you know-- and brought him to
the X-Conference in Washington,
DC, for Stephen Bassett
so he could testify.
He said that humanity
was not evolved.
We were on the bottom
rung of the ladder,
and that whatever
is out there, that
doesn't bother with
probably soap operas
and killing each other and
wars and all this stuff,
can travel among the stars.
He did a lot for us, and
he's absolutely right.
We're land-bound
here, because we've
got so many problems
on this planet.
We can't go anywhere.
>>NOORY: Was he
sanctioned by the Vatican?
Or do you think maybe they
said, do this on your own,
but we're going
to let you do it?
>>HARRIS: They said,
do this on your own,
but we're going
to let you do it.
But Pope John Paul listened
to Balducci on the radio.
>>NOORY: He did.
>>HARRIS: He told him
that he listened to it.
>>NOORY: They could've stopped
him if they wanted to, right?
>>HARRIS: Oh, absolutely.
Oh, goodness, yes.
Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: They'd just say, you
don't talk about that stuff.
>>HARRIS: He's under orders.
But then you have Father
Funes, which is, I think,
what you're getting at.
In 2009, Father Funes, who is
the chief astronomer of Castel
Gandolfo, the big major
observatory there.
And the one in Arizona says--
>>NOORY: Why would
the Vatican have
an-- we'll talk about
that, by the way.
>>HARRIS: Why would they have?
>>NOORY: Observatory.
>>HARRIS: Why?
I don't know what
they're looking for.
>>NOORY: What are
they looking for?
Tell us about him.
What did he say?
>>HARRIS: They're probably
interested in the Second
Coming of Christ,
but I don't think
that's what they're looking for.
They could be looking
for asteroids.
But what Father Funes
said interests me,
because it was printed
in L'Osservatore Romano,
which is the official
Vatican newspaper.
It was not printed in the
National Enquirer, OK?
And he said three things.
Number one, the ET is
our brother and sister.
>>NOORY: Huge story.
>>HARRIS: Which means
that they look like us.
That's not the little beings
that go running around,
the extraterrestrial
biological entities.
Number two, he said it is
not against your religion
to believe in
extraterrestrial life,
because people are
questioning that.
Number three really got
to me, because it's dogma.
He said, Jesus didn't
need to die for them,
because they were not
born with original sin.
So when he said that, I'm
going, how do you know?
Who've you been talking to?
They were not born
with original sin,
so Jesus didn't need to go
to other planets to die.
Because that had
been a question--
>>NOORY: But we were?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I guess so.
I don't know, see?
I think dogma or
principles in Catholicism
may have to adjust to a reality
if we ever have formal contact.
So I think they
position themselves
in a formal newspaper
to look at that.
So the next question
for a journalist
like me is, are we going
to have mass contact
and then they have to
figure out what to say?
>>NOORY: Or maybe they
already know that.
Maybe they already know that.
>>HARRIS: They do,
but the world doesn't,
because we haven't had anybody
landing on the White House
lawn yet.
>>NOORY: Do you think the
Vatican has a file on ETs?
>>HARRIS: Absolutely.
I was in Porto, Portugal, at
a conference two years ago,
and I talked to
Joaquim Fernandez--
and he'd be a great guest--
who really went to Fatima
and examined that miracle
of the sun was not the sun.
It's on my Facebook.
There's a picture of a UFO.
>>NOORY: They said
the sun came down.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Now, what they
saw was probably a silver
shaped disc in front of
the sun, and it gave it
that whole feeling
and perception.
>>HARRIS: And it came down.
>>NOORY: And it did come down.
>>HARRIS: And it was raining.
And within minutes--
>>NOORY: And there
were witnesses,
thousands of witnesses.
>>HARRIS: And within
minutes, everybody was dry.
Explain that.
The umbrellas, it's raining.
It is a miracle,
all right, but we
have to look the message around
whoever was there-- this lady.
This lady that Joaquin
Fernandez told me she looked--
she had this cape that had--
not a veil, but a cape--
>>NOORY: This is
the lady they think
was the Virgin Mary, right?
>>HARRIS: Well, that's
your interpretation
through the glasses of
the religious group.
And the kids-- they don't know
anything about outer space,
so they're interpreting
what they saw.
And the messages are
what is important,
the idea of consecrating
the Sacred Heart to Russia,
to have peace and not have
the communist situation we had
there, and to end the war
and all this kind of thing.
So the messages of peace, the
messages of unity and harmony
are the most important things.
It doesn't matter
who gives them.
who gives them,
but somebody up there
is looking out for us.
>>NOORY: Isn't it
interesting-- on the day
before the vision
at Fatima, people
reported seeing an object
up there in the sky--
not the sun coming down,
not the flying disc--
but some kind of an
object before that.
So that very well could
have been the same thing.
>>HARRIS: Yeah,
well, the picture
that I have on my Facebook is
from the L'Osservatore Romano,
because in those
days, I don't think
there was the censorship
there is today,
so there is a
picture of an object.
>>NOORY: It is amazing stuff.
It really is.
Let's talk a little bit
about the abduction.
You were a dear
friend with John Mack,
Harvard-trained psychiatrist,
who's no longer with us.
Tragically died in England,
stepping off the curb
and got hit by a drunk driver.
And you believe that
was an accident?
>>HARRIS: Oh, yeah.
Because I was in Florence.
>>NOORY: A tragic accident.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, I was
in Florence with John.
He's very tall, six foot four,
and had to keep elbowing him
back on the sidewalk,
because he was so interested
in the architecture,
the Renaissance--
>>NOORY: He wasn't
looking, was he?
>>HARRIS: No, he wasn't.
He was bent over like this.
I kept elbowing him.
I said, look, these
little motorini,
these little
motorcycles, are going
to hurt you, because they
just race like crazy.
>>NOORY: So he'd be
walking across the street,
just looking around?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And I said, John--
>>NOORY: You do that in
New York, you're gone.
>>HARRIS: You're gone.
In Italy, too, you get
hit by a motorcycle.
So I believe it was an accident.
But at 10:30 at night, to
walk around alone, and then
you look on the
opposite side, you know,
when you cross the
street in London.
>>NOORY: That's sad.
Anyway, he was an expert
in alien abductions.
He would look at cases.
He literally changed
his psychiatric practice
to concentrate on this.
You were very close with him.
What did he think?
What did he say about this?
>>HARRIS: He thought,
like Monsignor Balducci,
that the witnesses
should be listened to.
He's a hero, because he had
to fight the establishment.
In psychiatry at Harvard,
they thought he was crazy,
and they came around eventually.
And he basically
thought that whatever
was contacting the
people could be
like a dimensional
abduction, rather
than a physical abduction.
His books, Passport
to the Cosmos,
Abductions and so forth--
they're incredibly books,
because they have case studies.
But at the end of his life
when he was talking to me,
he said, you know,
Paola, we have
fewer of the
physical abductions.
We're getting direct downloading
now, synchronicities.
>>NOORY: They went
to high-tech, huh?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
What's happening, he said,
is a lot of my colleagues
are getting ideas,
synchronicities, downloads.
Scientists are
getting downloads.
And he believed all
that was connected
to a higher civilization.
But the most important
thing, he said,
unless we change our
world view, which
is like Columbus believing
that the world is round,
we're not going to be able
to accept this reality.
>>NOORY: Well, and
in the old days,
the abductions were
some kind of, I believe,
hybridization program.
They physically needed to
genetically manipulate and play
with the male, with the female.
Maybe they got to a
point where they said,
we've done enough of that.
We don't have to
do that anymore.
>>HARRIS: Well, in Artificial
Intelligence, which
is a great movie, remember that?
Remember the aliens going
to David and saying,
humanity has destroyed itself.
You're the only memory we have.
And he goes, I want
to see my mother,
and he had a piece of hair.
And they took the DNA
from the piece of hair,
and they created his
mother, and the beings
said, with a lot of compassion,
we don't want to lose humanity.
So they created his
mother for a day.
Maybe on a weirdo timeline,
we're going there.
And if we go there, there
won't be anything left.
And maybe a
hybridization program
is needed, because they
can see a timeline.
Now with UFOs, it's
so complicated.
You get into time
travel, quantum physics--
>>NOORY: Dimensions.
>>HARRIS: Dimensions.
>>NOORY: Other universes.
>>HARRIS: Remote viewing,
all that kind of stuff,
which makes this so interesting.
>>NOORY: You also get
into what David Jacobs has
said is a technique of possibly
something very dangerous.
He believes that the ET
presence is not good,
and that's kind of scary.
>>HARRIS: Well,
in my research, I
haven't found that
kind of result.
>>NOORY: We shouldn't
be panicking?
>>HARRIS: No.
>>NOORY: It's not War of
the Worlds all over again?
>>HARRIS: I don't think so.
Why would anybody
want us, anyway?
The thing is, we have emotions,
and I think that maybe
an advanced culture doesn't.
But I think we need to
remember one thing-- that there
are 57 different
races, and whatever
is doing the
abduction is certainly
not the ones that Odemski saw.
They're not the Amicizia case,
the friendship case in Italy.
They are not the ones that
Billy Meier saw, the Pleiadians.
So we have different alien
agendas with different alien--
and I"ll call it what Einstein
called it, celestrial people.
So we have different agendas.
I think it's
tremendously interesting.
>>NOORY: Did Einstein believe
in extraterrestrial life?
>>HARRIS: Oh, how could he not?
>>NOORY: He might have been one.
Way too smart.
>>HARRIS: There's a
quote in a movie where
they say Einstein
was one of them.
Was it Close Encounters?
I think it might have
been Close Encounters.
But he was down at
the Trinity site.
I went to the L Bar and Cafe,
where all the scientists
used to go, because it's
the only grocery in town.
Spoke to the people there--
Einstein and Oppenheimer
went there often, and so they
even knew about the 1945 crash,
because they had to.
That was the only grocery store.
It was the only bar.
It was the only place,
and people talk.
So if we had a crash
in '45, they knew.
And certainly if
we had a crash--
and we did-- in
Roswell, they knew.
They know, and
they have to weigh
whether to tell
the people or not.
>>NOORY: That's right.
I've got to tell you my
interesting Einstein story
and joke.
Albert Einstein would
give a lot of speeches
all over the country, and
he was exhausted on one day,
giving a speech, just
totally exhausted.
He had a driver who looked very
close to him, very similar.
And one day, he's sitting
in the back of his car,
and he said, you know what?
Let's do something
different tonight.
You be me, and I'll be you.
Nobody'll know the difference.
Let's just change clothes.
I'll put the driver's outfit
on, and I'll stand in the back
and watch you dressed
up in my suit being me.
He says, Albert, do you
really want to do that?
And he said, yeah,
I'm exhausted.
I can't give this speech.
So they did.
They changed clothes.
They got switched .
The driver, playing the
part of Albert Einstein,
went to the podium and
started talking about stuff.
And Albert Einstein,
dressed as the valet driver,
stood in the back.
And afterward, they did
a little Q&A session,
and somebody asked the
driver, Albert Einstein, sir,
can you tell us what you
meant by E equals MC square?
And the driver looked at
the audience and said,
I don't have the answer for you,
but my driver does in the back.
>>HARRIS: That's good.
>>NOORY: It was my
favorite Einstein story.
Let's take some questions from
the audience for Paola Harris
as we talk about
the ET presence.
Who's got one?
Yes, two people over there.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, Paola.
Is there any reason why
people are reporting many UFO
sightings over the Mayan
pyramids and the Giza pyramids,
and have you ever visited
any of those places
and done research there?
>>HARRIS: Well, I've
been to Chichen Itza.
I've been to Teotihuacan.
I've been to Mexico City and
the Mayan ruins and so forth.
But I think that
we need to ask who
those ancient
cultures really were.
The Incas disappeared.
The cultures were just
like the Egyptians.
They had culture
based on the stars.
They had navigation
systems based on the stars.
They had esoteric knowledge.
I think that whoever was
there, if you believe
that we live in dimensions,
whoever was there never really
left.
They went into another
dimension, and they're there.
>>NOORY: A portal.
>>HARRIS: A portal, yeah.
So when we get amazing
photos of a light coming out
of one of those artifacts,
one of those ancient sites,
it may be either a
warning or a message,
just like the crop circles.
It may be saying,
we're still here.
We're talking to you
in a different way.
Since I don't do
research in South America
because I can't speak
Spanish-- it would be hard.
I'd have to drag Heimi with me,
or some of the researchers--
I am very curious.
That's an excellent
question, but I
do think that some of
the cultures, including
the personage of Quetzalcoatl,
who was blond-haired,
blue-eyed, and came down on
some kind of flaming craft,
could be ET related.
>>NOORY: And the technology to
build these structures where
these UFOs are apparently being
seen is absolutely riveting.
We don't have that
kind of technology
to be able to cut stones
like that, but they did.
They must have had some kind of
laser precision or something.
It was an advanced
culture, we know.
We know that the lines of Nazca
can't be seen on the earth.
>>NOORY: You have to
look at it from above.
>>HARRIS: So let's
use logic here.
Logic is very important to know
that there were cultures that
came from somewhere
else that did that.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
You had another
question back here.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, hello.
I was curious if John
Mack ever gave you insight
into anything that
happened to him personally
that caused him to change his
practice towards the field
that you're studying-- anything
that may have made him convert
from a belief
system to a knowing
about extraterrestrial contact?
>>NOORY: Yeah, what was
his catalyst, Paola?
What got him interested?
>>HARRIS: This is
really interesting.
He used the word
knowing all the time,
so I'm wondering
if John is here.
>>NOORY: He might be.
>>HARRIS: He used the
word knowing, just exactly
the question that you gave me.
I think it was a knowing for
him, and what happened was,
he had so many of these cases
that he couldn't ignore it.
And John was a very
compassionate person.
He knew how to listen.
And so I don't know of
any personal contact
he had, but it's just
really curious you
used the word a knowing.
Because in his last
lecture in Florence,
he has that word at least
five times in his lecture.
He said, it is a
kind of knowing.
>>NOORY: He was one
of a kind, wasn't he?
You miss him?
>>HARRIS: He was amazing.
Absolutely, because
of his method.
He was nonjudgmental.
He was compassionate.
He respected the
contactees, and he
was willing to risk his
life and his career.
>>NOORY: And he did.
>>HARRIS: And he did.
>>NOORY: His colleagues
scoffed at him.
>>HARRIS: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: Let's take
another question for Paola.
One more.
Who's got one?
>>AUDIENCE: Paola, in
doing your research,
how do you distinguish whether
someone's just telling you
a bunch of stories, that they
gave birth to a half-alien?
Because we're hearing
more and more that
they've integrated with us.
So how do you tell the
difference between someone
that's just telling
you a story, and what
is it that makes you
really believe them?
>>HARRIS: That's a
really good question.
I don't do a lot of
contactee stories,
because they're complicated.
What happens is there's a
progression with contactees
that I have trouble
with, whether it
be Italian or French or
American or whatever.
What happens is they have the
contact, then they go public.
Then they become gurus,
and it becomes commercial.
And I'm convinced that at the
crux of in between when they
go public and become
commercial and so forth,
the aliens have gone home.
The aliens have said,
look, we've contacted you.
I think most of the contactees
that are real contactees
don't talk about
it, because it's
a very complicated situation.
The beings are contacting a
human being for a purpose,
but not because they
necessarily have messages,
but because they want us
to grow up-- us to evolve.
And part of it
becomes commercial,
and then it is not any
more a spiritual thing.
And by the way, there's a lot of
spirituality in UFO research--
there is.
I can tell you are interested
in a lot of things, aren't you?
Yeah, I can tell.
You are interested
in all of the part--
the spiritual part, the
message part, and so forth.
I think a lot of contact comes
when nobody talks about it.
I think that a
lot of the mission
is to change the
world view, to change
the way we deal with
each other first.
Because who's
going to come here?
Just watch our television.
You think they're
interested in this?
Did you ever see
the movie The Abyss?
>>NOORY: I love that movie.
>>HARRIS: I love
that movie, too.
What did they show
him on television?
They showed him us.
What we're doing-- they
showed all kinds of stuff.
And at the end, they
actually save us
because of one
act of love, which
was his going down there to cut
the-- And what were we doing?
We were going to
throw an atomic weapon
on their underwater base.
I think Cameron is a genius.
>>NOORY: It was great.
>>HARRIS: Cameron
just did Avatar.
>>NOORY: He's been
on our radio show.
He's just a super guy.
>>HARRIS: Isn't he amazing?
>>NOORY: Do you remember of
the big quotes in the movie
The Abyss?
I knew it was a one-way trip.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: And that changed the
complexity of the whole thing.
>>HARRIS: Well, I think
aliens are interested in us
because we have the capacity
to love that deeply-- to make
sacrifices in war.
I think they have a collective
consciousness, where
they do one thing that's
good for everybody,
but we have free will,
so when we do something,
it is an act of love.
And I love James Cameron.
Oh my God.
>>NOORY: He's one of a kind.
We're going to come back with
Paola Harris, Beyond Belief.
She's going to show
us a few things.
We'll be right back.
And welcome back
to Beyond Belief.
We're with the
investigator Paola Harris,
as we're talking about
ET contact and UFOs.
What's that?
>>HARRIS: Well, as you
know, I was the journalist
who brought Colonel Philip
Corso to Italy twice to testify.
He didn't talk very much here.
So when he passed on
in 1998, his family
gave me this, which
is his briefcase.
It's very worn.
But Colonel Corso came
to Italy with materials
that we were able
to publish, like he
had the autopsies of
the Roswell aliens.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
He had his documents
of back engineering
that he had worked
at the Pentagon.
He had those
documents, and also he
had a paper that he had written
about what extraterrestrials
would be telling us
about this planet.
And he would carry
them, and he'd always
ask me, where's the briefcase?
Where's the briefcase?
And I'd say, we got it, Colonel.
Don't worry.
We got it.
>>NOORY: This is it?
>>HARRIS: This is it,
without the papers.
Because they wouldn't
give me the papers.
But this is it, and so--
>>NOORY: The family
still has the papers.
>>HARRIS: The family
And I have this with me all
the time, because Colonel
Corso told me-- he said,
look, I won't be around.
He was 83.
>>NOORY: Wrote a book, The Day
After Roswell, with Bill Burns.
>>HARRIS: And we had
his personal papers,
and we took his personal papers
and published them in Italy,
called "The Dawn of a New Age."
So when he told me he wouldn't
be around very much longer,
he said, look you're a soldier.
You're a soldier.
You go there, and you
keep talking about it,
even though I'm not here.
Because for me, the testimony
of Colonel Philip Corso
made me understand why
this secret was secret.
I thought it was the aliens.
I thought, everybody's afraid
of these people, or whatever.
It wasn't.
The secret is about
the back engineering,
the reverse engineering
that was done.
>>NOORY: And it was his
job to take those things
to different companies,
corporations,
in the United States.
And he never told them
where they came from.
>>HARRIS: That's right.
>>NOORY: He simply said,
can you duplicate this?
What is this?
We're testing you.
There might be a big project
here for you, a government
contract.
So we want you to analyze this.
And these were, what?
Computer chips and
things like that?
>>HARRIS: Yes, they
were the microchip,
the high-tenacity
fibers, fiber optics.
He said he grabbed these
lines, and they'd light up.
And the thing that
was most fascinating--
he said he had like, a piece
of rubber, which was actually
the cover of the
being's eye, and he
said he walked up and down
the halls of the Pentagon
and they could see the
furniture at night.
You know, being proud
that he's in the army.
>>NOORY: It was
like night vision?
>>NOORY: It was.
They developed night vision.
I said, you're kidding.
From that they developed
night-- he said, yeah.
It helped our
soldiers in Vietnam.
And then his last
words-- he said,
we ignored the alien
body, which was
the greatest gift they gave us.
And so, he said, I'm
trying to make up for it.
And by the way, I
want to go on record
and say the only
reason he came forth
was for his three grandchildren.
He loved those three guys.
>>NOORY: It took him a
long time, didn't it?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
He said, look, the young
people can handle it.
And we brought his
grandchildren to Italy, too.
He said, that's the only reason.
People say that he did
it for other reasons.
That is not.
I was with him all that time.
It was amazing.
I was very privileged,
as I was with Hynek.
And Colonel, I'll do a good job.
So what can I tell you?
>>NOORY: You carry it for him.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
I"ll do the best I can,
as objectively as I can.
>>NOORY: What are
these little things
that you've brought us here?
>>HARRIS: OK.
>>NOORY: Can I touch this?
>>HARRIS: Absolutely,
absolutely.
>>NOORY: What is this?
>>HARRIS: That is a piece that
was given to me by Dr. Michael
Wolf Kruvant.
It is a piece that was analyzed
at the University of Pisa.
He said it came from a
craft, and we analyzed it.
We put it through high
temperature and so forth.
It is 99% silicon, but it is a
silicon that is not made here.
It's a high-spike silicon, and
I have all the specs on that,
because it was done
at the University.
And so I took it to
Europe to be analyzed.
Now, do you remember
the Arecibo reply?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>HARRIS: We're made of carbon.
Do you remember the--
>>NOORY: Right.
They were made of this.
>>HARRIS: Silicon-based.
And so it's very interesting.
Where is this going to go, if we
have some courageous scientists
that will step up to the plate
who will figure this out?
This, instead, is amazing.
>>NOORY: What is this thing?
>>HARRIS: James Fox and I went
on the Roswell debris field,
and I think the Roswell
debris field is closed now.
And Dr. Frank
Kimbler was with us.
He's a geologist who
lives in Roswell.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>HARRIS: He thinks that's a
piece of the Roswell craft.
He cut it in half.
He gave me a piece to
have analyzed in Europe.
Again, he thinks
it's aluminum-based.
It's folded over,
as you can see.
>>NOORY: It looks
like a dead moth.
>>HARRIS: It's
folded-over metal.
And he's a geologist.
He said he's looked at it
already under his microscope,
and it's been under high
pressure, high heat.
And the reason why he hasn't
had it analyzed in the United
States is because it costs a
tremendous amount of money,
and sometimes you don't
get the piece back.
>>NOORY: How could
you even find this?
How big was the original piece?
>>HARRIS: Oh, he's amazing.
We were on the
Roswell debris field.
He has a very sensitive
Geiger-- the Geiger
counter is on the field.
It goes off like crazy.
Then, he goes down and he
picks up what it points to.
And he's been on that
Roswell debris field forever.
This guy is real dedicated.
>>NOORY: He just
combs it, doesn't he?
>>HARRIS: He combs it, because
he thinks that's a smoking gun.
He thinks that's a smoking gun.
James Fox, with whom I did the
trip, thinks a video of a UFO
is a smoking--
>>NOORY: Is the smoking gun.
Well, that's what he does.
And he's good at what he does.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I think talking to an
alien is a smoking gun.
>>NOORY: Well, there's
a lot going on, Paola,
and it comes right back to
the book of Genesis again
and the interpretation
of just what that was
and what happened.
I think if you read the book
of Genesis in the Bible--
without being religious
here-- clearly,
there was an event of some
kind of something, some beings,
coming down from the
skies, from the heavens,
doing whatever they did here.
You can interpret it one of two
ways, and one of two ways only.
That is, it's truly angelic
and extremely spiritual
and sent from God, or they were
witnessing extraterrestrials
coming down to the planet,
and in their little minds
of the day, it was the only way
they could describe something
in a godlike figure.
If something came down and
I wasn't too well schooled
about it and they came
down from the skies,
the first thing you'd think
about was-- these are gods!
And that's what I think
has happened here.
It's one of these
two possibilities,
and I tend to believe the
extraterrestrial presence.
Doesn't mean I don't
believe in God.
I believe in God.
There's a higher
being somewhere.
I think they're
trying to search out
that same thing we're
all looking for.
Who are we?
Where did we come from?
But in this particular case,
I think we were visited,
and it was recorded as such
as in the book of Genesis.
What do you think?
>>HARRIS: I tend
to agree with you,
and most of the
testimonies from contactees
that have talked to beings--
they believe in God, also,
that there is a unifying force.
And whether you go to
science fiction or whatever,
whatever force is out there--
>>NOORY: There has to be.
>>HARRIS: Is going to create
more than one type of person
or one creation.
So I think it's logical, yes.
I agree with you.
>>NOORY: This was
just not an accident.
This is not a fluke of
nature, the mere fact
that we're all here
doing this program.
There's got to be a reason
behind it, and to me
it's intelligence.
And intelligence means a
godlike, supernatural figure
of some type.
Exactly what and how?
I don't have those answers.
I'm trying to.
That's why I do what I do.
But there's something out there.
>>HARRIS: I agree, George.
>>NOORY: And we'll
get to it, eventually.
What's this?
What'd you bring us here?
>>HARRIS: OK, well,
when I do research,
apart from going on your show,
or I did the Sardinia research
just recently, I don't
know where to put it.
So I write for X Times
Magazine in Italy.
It's on the newsstand.
You can see it's
a slick magazine.
>>NOORY: And what's your
website, Paola, for people?
>>HARRIS: It's www.paola--
because I'm Italian--
>>NOORY: Paola--
>>HARRIS: Paolaharris.com.
Paolaharris.com.
And X Times is like
People magazine.
It's all over the
place in Italy.
It's not a secret.
And so news gets out there,
I think, more seriously.
I don't know where to put it
here in the United States.
>>NOORY: They think this
is what an ET looks like?
>>HARRIS: In that
particular case,
this is a UFO crash
at San Antonio.
So that went viral in Italy.
That went viral everywhere.
Yeah, that's one group.
>>NOORY: Good job, there.
Did you ever check
out the UFO crash case
and Cape Girardeau, Missouri?
>>HARRIS: No, but
I admire Ryan Wood.
>>NOORY: That was a huge case.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, it was.
What I did check out was
Gulf Breeze in Florida.
My God, these people
come out in lawn chairs.
They're sitting
there, and they're
seeing these craft come down.
And Steven Greer told
me a story about that,
because he brought
his five people there.
And what happened
was, he got told,
you have no right to do
this by the military.
They said, no, we
deal with that.
You ordinary people
sitting here have no right
to contact-- the enemy?
I don't know.
ETs, or whatever.
But the Gulf Breeze case
really interested me also
for the incredible
pictures, the photography.
But there's an example,
again, of somebody
that went underground.
The debunking that goes on
is our own people sometimes.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
I want you to look out
five, 10 years from now.
Where does this field of ufology
go, five, 10 years from now?
>>HARRIS: If I'm
talking to you, we're
going to be talking about the
more spiritual, paranormal,
and esoteric part
of this, because I'm
sick of the nuts and bolts.
We already know
the nuts and bolts.
We have all these cases.
We have all these sightings.
I think the conversation you and
I will have five years from now
is on philosophy.
What does all this
mean for humanity?
>>NOORY: Will we have
disclosure by then?
>>HARRIS: Not by the
United States government.
They've got too much too lose.
I mean, they have to admit
that Roswell was real.
That's like saying lying.
NASA has to admit it.
I think they have a
vested interest in keeping
the technology
secret, and until we
get past the New World view
that the oil and the gas
and the fossil fuels--
which is an economic issue,
it's not an alien issue.
And I'm sorry.
I want to support everybody
that wants to do it.
I'm going to be in
Washington with Stephen
Bassett and the Citizen Hearing.
I'm going on my own
dime to cover that,
because it's a historical event.
The Disclosure Project
was a historical event.
But I don't see Obama stepping
up to the plate and saying,
guess what?
>>NOORY: Well, no president has.
Bill Clinton tried
to get some answers,
sending some aides out, and if
they came back with answers,
he surely didn't
tell us about them.
I don't believe in
disclosure, either.
I think they think it'll
break down organization.
It'll break down religions.
It'll break down
control, and like you
said, they have to then
come up with the answer,
why didn't you tell
us this before?
And the only way we're
going to find out
is through people like you,
through people like astronaut
Edgar Mitchell, and
those researchers who
have devoted their careers and
their lives to get this done,
to keep doing what you're doing.
You can't give up.
>>HARRIS: No.
I'm just getting old.
That's the story.
I've been at it for so
long, and it's a lonely job,
because you can't talk
to your family about it.
People don't take you seriously.
So what I've decided,
because I'm a teacher--
>>NOORY: Not easy on
a date, either, is it?
>>HARRIS: Oh, do you
see me with anybody?
>>NOORY: You take a
guy out to dinner,
and you say, I
investigate ETs and UFOs.
>>HARRIS: It's OK
to talk about it,
but when you spend your money
on it, a significant other goes,
can't we go to the Caribbean
on vacation instead?
They'll say that automatically.
>>NOORY: And you'd prefer
to investigate a UFO.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, I'm on
my way to Washington,
DC to cover something,
and that takes money.
We need more like you.
Let's hear it for Paola
Harris, Beyond Belief.
Thank you, Paola.
Maybe one day-- one day,
we'll get the answers
to this incredible question,
are we alone in the universe?
But I hope it's soon.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.